Q.1 In Azure Synapse Analytics, the Data Movement Service (DMS) coordinates and transports data between compute nodes as necessary. Azure Synapse Analytics supports which types of distributed tables.
X Relational DB
>Round Robin
>Replicated
>Hash


Q.2 Data that is continuously sent to a system for further processing in real-time is an example of which of the following data types?
>Streaming Data

Q.3 Which of the following is an example of unstructured data?
>Audio Files

Q.4 Which one of the following is a benefit of using the Azure SQL Database cloud-based Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) service rather than on-premises database management systems?
X manage cost

Q.5 Which Cosmos DB API works with Graph Databases?
>Gremlin

Q.6 Which storage solution supports role-based access control (RBAC) at the file and folder level?
>Azure Data Lake Storage

Q.7 What is the purpose of data ingestion?
> To capture data flowing into a data warehouse as quickly as possible.

Q.8 Data Engineers configure ingestion components of Azure Stream Analytics by configuring data inputs from sources including Azure Event Hubs, Azure IoT Hub, or Azure Blob storage.
Which of the following is a feature of Azure Event Hub?
>Big data streaming Serivce

Q.9 Nonstructured data is stored in nonrelational systems, commonly called unstructured or NoSQL systems. Which of the following are types of NoSQL databases?
X relational
>Key-value store
>Column database
>Document databases
>Graph databases


Q.10 Which of the following is not a data job role?
>System Admin

Q.11 Which of the following services in Microsoft Azure are used to process data?
>Event Hub
X Stream Analytics Job

Q.12 Which of the following is a cloud integration service that orchestrates the movement of data between various data stores?
X Azure Synapse Analytics

Q.13 Azure HDInsight provides technologies for ingesting, processing, and analyzing big data to support batch processing, data warehousing, IoT, and Data Science. Which of the following technologies integrated into HDInsight provides a NoSQL database built upon Hadoop commonly used for search engines and includes automatic failover?
>Apache HBase